What's new in the 0.1.51 and higher setup?

   I'm currently working on hxd 0.2. What you are seeing in hxd 0.1.51
   is a little bit of my work on 0.2 that I have ported over to the
   older versions.

   What I've changed is, I have completely rewritten the configure.in,
   Makefile.in, and other files from scratch. These files, among others,
   are responsible for linking all of the hxd code to your systems
   libraries and header files. If they are not written correctly then
   you will never make it past the linking process and you will not
   get a binary.

   This process is very important. The old scripts were obviously not
   written as well as they could have been. I wrote new ones so that
   I could bring more support to more operating systems and also
   fix existing issues. The new architecture also organizes the code a
   little. It moves all the source files into a central directory and
   all the header files into a central directory as well.

   This is all in preparation for much more advanced features in 0.2,
   such as dynamic-linking and a more organized source tree. Once the
   new architecture is finished (the build and configure processes
   really have no relation to the actual code), I can commence the
   complete rewriting of several modules.

How do I set up remote server queueing?

   Remote server queueing as of version 0.1.46 only works with
   '--enable-htxf-clone'. Yes, that does mean that OS X users cannot use
   remote queueing yet, but this was just the first step, to get the
   patch in there and working. Nobody has ever made remote queueing work
   with pthreads yet because pthreads were broken in previous versions.
   Now that pthreads work again, I am going to try to expand the source
   to work with pthreads. Not much demand for fork users but i will
   *try* to expand it to fork (can't promise anything). A version that
   queues without threading might come much later on. Happy queueing!

   Enabling remote queueing:

      % ./configure --enable-htxf-clone
      % make

   That's it. Remote Queueing is enabled automatically when you enable cloning.

   For a list of other --enable extensions to hxd:

      % ./configure --help

   Configuring remote queueing:

   In hxd.conf you can specify certain options. Remote queueing will
   start to queue downloads once the option "total_downloads" has been
   reached. The person downloading can only have a total of
   "individual_downloads" registered with the server (counting active
   downloads and queued downloads). If the user tries to reaches this
   amount, then any further registered downloads will be cancelled. The
   entire total of all downloads in queue cannot exeed "queue_size".
   That's about it.

How do i set up files for different accounts?

   You can give each account a different set of files by making a folder
   named "files" (all lowercase, without the quotes) inside the account
   folder.

   For example: to give guests their own files
      mkdir ./accounts/guest/files
